NO Doc Updates (#1951)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/other_models/pregnancy/gbd_2021_closed_cohort/index.rst

  The IV iron simulation assumed 50/50 probability

For pregnancies that result in live birth or stillbirth outcomes,
infant sex should be determined and recorded acording to the probability
of male sex calculated using the live births by sex GBD covariate
(ID 1106) for the appropriate GBD cycle (2021 or 2023 depending on the run).

> Values were calculated in this `sex of infant notebook <https://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_research_nutrition_optimization/blob/data_prep/data_prep/Live%20births%20by%20sex.ipynb>`_

Reviewer: If this is done on the artifact building side now, perhaps:

```suggestion
The numeric values were previously provided here in the docs based on calculations in this `sex of infant notebook <https://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_research_nutrition_optimization/blob/data_prep/data_prep/Live%20births%20by%20sex.ipynb>`_
```

Reviewer 2: Looks like it hasn't been updated to be done on the artifact building side. it would be nice to add a todo note about that here

Reviewer: Gotcha, OK. Pretty sure this has moved to the artifact building side in MNCNH.

Author: Yes, this is updated to pull directly in MNCNH, but not in NO. Since it wasn't an artifact key, I did not feel confident in updating it myself so I just updated the values.

I can add a to-do note here stating that we would like to update it, but I will reject this suggestion.
